President Obama:
Hello from the Country Corner
Farm in Alpha, Illinois.
For the past few days, I've been
traveling to small towns and
farm towns here in the
heartland of this country.
I sat down with small business
owners in Guttenberg, Iowa,
and ranchers and
farmers in Peosta.
I had lunch with veterans
in Cannon Falls, Minnesota,
and talked to plant workers
at a seed distributor in
Atkinson, Illinois.
And to the girls volleyball
team and Maquoketa High School,
let me just say one
thing -- go Cardinals!
Now, I'm out here
for one reason --
I think Washington, D.C. can
learn something from the folks
in Atkinson and Peosta
and Cannon Falls.
I think our country would be
a whole lot better off if our
elected leaders showed the same
kind of discipline and integrity
and responsibility that most
Americans demonstrate in their
lives every single day.
Because the fact is, we're going
through a tough time right now.
We're coming through a
terrible recession --
a lot of folks are
still looking for work.
A lot of people are getting by
with smaller paychecks or less
money in the cash register.
So we need folks
in Washington --
the people whose job it is
to deal with the country's
problems, the people who
you elected to serve --
we need them to put aside their
differences to get things done.
There are things we can do
right now that will mean more
customers for businesses and
more jobs across the country.
We can cut payroll taxes again
so families have an extra
thousand dollars to spend.
We can pass a road construction
bill so construction crews who
are now sitting idle can
head back to the work site,
rebuilding roads and
bridges and airports.
We've got brave,
skilled Americans,
returning from Iraq
and Afghanistan.
Let's connect them with
businesses that could
use their skills.
And let's pass trade deals to
level the playing field for
our businesses.
We have Americans driving
Hyundais and Kias --
well, I want to see folks
in Korea driving Fords,
Chevys and Chryslers.
I want more products sold around
the globe stamped with three
words -- "Made in America."
These are commonsense ideas --
ideas that have been supported
by both Democrats
and Republicans.
The only thing holding
them back is politics.
The only thing preventing us
from passing these bills is the
refusal by some in Congress to
put country ahead of party.
That's the problem
we have right now.
That's what's holding
this country back.
That's what we have to change.
Because for all the
knocks we've taken,
despite all the
challenges we face,
this is still the greatest
country on Earth.
We still have the best
workers and farmers,
entrepreneurs and businesses,
students and scientists.
And you can see
that here in Alpha.
You can see it along the country
roads that connect these small
towns and farmlands.
You know, these
that past few days,
I've been seeing little
kids with American flags,
and grandparents in lawn chairs.
I've shaken hands with folks
outside machine shops and
churches, corner
stores and farms.
It reminds me of why I
got into public service in
the first place.
Getting out of Washington and
spending time with the people of
this country, seeing
how hard you're working,
how creative you are,
how resourceful you are,
how determined you are -- that
only makes me more determined to
serve you as best
I can as President.
And it only makes me more
confident in our future.
That's why it's so important
that folks in Washington put
country before party.
That's why it's so important
that our elected leaders get
past their differences to help
grow the economy and put this
nation back to work.
Because here in Alpha, it
couldn't be more clear --
if we can come together, there
is no stopping the United States
of America.
There is no doubt that
our future is bright.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.